[MUSIC PLAYING]
JEREMY: Hi!
We hope you enjoyed the
first week of our functional
programming course.
This week, we're going to be
looking at more basic building
blocks of the Haskell language.
We'll explore programs
that have side effects.
This is moderately complex in
a pure language like Haskell.
We'll also be telling you
how to install the GHC tool
chain on your local
machine so you won't
need to be logged into our
online Haskell interpreter
in order to run your
Haskell programs.
Let me leave you with a
funny joke about Haskell
from the XKCD webcomic.
One person says, "Code
written in Haskell
is guaranteed to have
no side effects."
And the other person
quizzically replies,
"Because no one
will ever run it?"
We hope that you'll all be
running lots of Haskell code
this week on the functional
programming course.
[MUSIC PLAYING]